feature/227 assertionmethod (#229)
egil/bUnit: CHANGELOG.md

  );
  ```
  By [@egil](https://github.com/egil) in [#203](https://github.com/egil/bUnit/pull/203).
- All test doubles are now in the same namespace, `Bunit.TestDoubles`. So all import statements for `Bunit.TestDoubles.JSInterop` and `Bunit.TestDoubles.Authorization` must be changed to `Bunit.TestDoubles`. By [@egil](https://github.com/egil) in [#223](https://github.com/egil/bUnit/pull/223).

> - Marked MarkupMatches and WaitForAssertion as assertion methods to stop SonarQube analyzers complaining about missing assertions in tests. By [@egil](https://github.com/egil) in [#229](https://github.com/egil/bUnit/pull/229).

Reviewer: _To keep it simple and accurate:_ We have `SonarQube`, `SonarCloud`, `SonarLint` and also standalone NuGet packages that might complain about this.
```suggestion
- Marked MarkupMatches and WaitForAssertion as assertion methods to stop SonarSource analyzers complaining about missing assertions in tests. By [@egil](https://github.com/egil) in [#229](https://github.com/egil/bUnit/pull/229).
```

> - Marked MarkupMatches and WaitForAssertion as assertion methods to stop SonarQube analyzers complaining about missing assertions in tests. By [@egil](https://github.com/egil) in [#229](https://github.com/egil/bUnit/pull/229).

Author: ```suggestion
- Marked MarkupMatches methods as assertion methods to stop SonarSource analyzers complaining about missing assertions in tests. By [@egil](https://github.com/egil) in [#229](https://github.com/egil/bUnit/pull/229).
```
